landing page: Wording and rewriting (#28)
distributed-technologies/wiki: README.md

<img src="images/Energinet-logo.png" width="250" style="margin-bottom: 3%">

# Overview
The Secure Compute and Communication Platform (SCCP) project is an attemt at creating a modern, fast, secure, robust, and uniform  platform for running a variety of application suites for running and monitoring the Danish energy grid.
The platform is made up of multiple components: 

### Hardware
Hardware plays an essential part in the design of the platform. The platform rests on multiple servers that participate in a kubernetes cluster which provide redundancy. 
Eventually hardware based trust should become the pillar.

> ![FUSE!](images/fuse.gif)

Reviewer: Add line break:
```suggestion

![FUSE!](images/fuse.gif)
```

<img src="images/Energinet-logo.png" width="250" style="margin-bottom: 3%">

# Overview
The Secure Compute and Communication Platform (SCCP) project is an attempt at creating a modern, fast, secure, robust, and uniform platform for running a variety of application suites for running and monitoring the Danish energy grid.
The platform is made up of multiple components: 

### Hardware
Hardware plays an essential part in the design of the platform. The platform rests on multiple servers that participate in a kubernetes cluster which provide redundancy. 
Eventually hardware based trust should become the pillar.

### mukube  
Mukube is the operating system of SCCP. It is a custom Linux distribution built using the [Yocto Project](https://www.yoctoproject.org/) and is preconfigured. Features of mukube are:

* RAM based file system using zram
* Secure Boot support

For details on mukube, please refer to the [mukube repository](https://github.com/distributed-technologies/mukube).

### Kubernetes

> At the end of the boot seqence mukube deploys a Kubernetes cluster. [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) is a container orchestration tool responsible for scheduling and supervising workloads on the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of the boot seqence mukube deploys a [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) cluster. [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) is a container orchestration tool responsible for scheduling and supervising workloads on the platform.
```

At the end of the boot seqence mukube deploys a Kubernetes cluster. [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) is a container orchestration tool responsible for scheduling and supervising workloads on the platform.

### Yggdrasil
Yggdrasil describes the applications and services that run on the platform. Once the Kubernetes cluster is up, Yggdrasil is automatically deployed. This results in the bootstrapping of services and applications of the platform.

Importantly, one of these services is a GitOps operator ([ArgoCD](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)), which ensures other services and applications get deployed, and allows for easy configuration of the environment. Information about Yggdrasil and deploying applications can be found [here](https://github.com/distributed-technologies/yggdrasil).

# Deploying
This section will go into detail on how you can deploy SCCP onto different architectures.

### Azure
If you would like to deploy the platform onto Azure for development purposes, please refer to the [Yggdrasil documentation](https://github.com/distributed-technologies/yggdrasil) which provides an in-depth guide on how to deploy the platform on Azure. 

### Deploy to a VM

> In order to build the mukube image, refer to the mukube repository. To configure the image one needs a configuration. That can be created with the [mukube-configurator](https://github.com/distributed-technologies/mukube-configurator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to build the mukube image, refer to the [mukube repository](https://github.com/distributed-technologies/mukube). To configure the image one needs a configuration, created with the [mukube-configurator tool](https://github.com/distributed-technologies/mukube-configurator).
```

### Yocto
After having completed a successfull PoC of the platform, we soon realized that the build method we were using was slow and did not have all the features we needed. We spent some time looking for other build tools and found the Yocto project. Yocto takes advantage of caching layers of the operating system, which means that if anything changes in a particular layer, only that layer has to be recompiled. This sped up OS compiling significantly and has allowed us to automatic builds. 

# Decision log
Any decisions made during meetings about SCCP that can be open to the public should be listed here.

> - 11.01.2022: A decision was made about looking into the possibility of packaging Yggdrasil and only requiring an environment repository to configure the platform.

Reviewer: Perhaps this should be split out into its own file?
